Remove content view Dependency Solving Default (#2387)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-dependency-solving-per-content-view.adoc

> [id="enabling-dependency-solving-per-content-view_{context}"]
> = Enabling Dependency Solving Per Content View

Reviewer: Now that the global setting isn't available, "per" doesn't make as much sense.
```suggestion
[id="enabling-dependency-solving-for-a-content-view_{context}"]
= Enabling Dependency Solving for a Content View
```

> You can enable dependency solving for a Content View or by default for your whole {Project} environment.

Reviewer: This is no longer true. You can only enable it for individual content views.

Reviewer 2: "no longer": Is this true for Foreman 3.7 all the way down to Foreman 3.1? @jeremylenz

Reviewer: Good point! The setting removal isn't until Katello 4.10/Satellite 6.15. It would still be available in older versions that offer the old content view UI to create content views, but I don't remember when that was discontinued. 

Regardless, I think it's still coherent if we just change the sentence to apply to individual content views and don't mention the global setting.
